Update YJ's bio and newslist (#78)
uw-echospace/group-website: content/authors/yjcheong/_index.md

My primary responsibilities within the group include: 

>    * Developing and interpreting physics-based models to understand the complex interaction of sound with elastic media and gain insights into how it influences the perception of sound by humans.

Reviewer: toothed whales?
```suggestion
   * Developing and interpreting physics-based models to understand the complex interaction of sound with elastic media and gain insights into how it influences the perception of sound by toothed whales.
```
